I probably don't need health insurance worth ₹1 crore today.
But if
I ever have to undergo such a major treatment in future,
I would not want to compromise on the treatment.  The
easiest solution to such problems
is a super top-up health
insurance plan.  But the question is
how does a super top-up health insurance plan work?  So in today's video, first of all
I will explain to you in very simple language
what is the concept of Super Topup Plan and after that I will
decode ICICI LBRD's Super Topup Plan Activate Booster for you in very simple language and yes this is not a recommendation
video that you have to buy this Super Topup
Plan only.  My
aim through this video is to explain every detail of this plan to you
with clarity in very simple language.
So let's quickly start this video.
First, let us understand the difference between a
normal base health insurance plan and a
super top-up plan.
Suppose you have a base policy of ₹1
lakh and a super top up plan of ₹1
crore.  You get coverage from the first rupee under the base policy.  That
means, if you get
any treatment done and your claim comes to
₹3 lakh, then the policy conditions on that ₹3 lakh will be
covered from the first rupee.
But this does not happen in super top-up plan.
Because while choosing a super top-up plan,
you have to choose a deductible amount.  For
example, in our example,
in a super top-up plan of ₹1 crore, let's say the
deductible is ₹5 lakh.  This means that this plan will not cover the
first ₹5 lakh within the entire year of the Super Topup plan.
Now this
threshold limit of ₹5 lakh, whether it is
completed in one claim, that is, a
big claim comes and the limit of ₹5 lakh is
completed in it, after that the super top
up plan will give you coverage or if multiple
claims come, some of ₹1 lakh, some of ₹1 lakh,
even after combining these claim amounts,
as soon as you achieve the deductible limit of ₹5 lakh,
after that the super top up plan will
start giving you coverage.  Now this
question may also be coming to your mind that
what is the amount of deductible in this example,
like we had taken ₹5 lakh.  Is it not necessary to
cover this through another health insurance plan
?  There is no such condition
in the Super Top Up plan.  All they have to
say is that
we will not cover this deductible limit in this plan.
You can pay this money from your pocket,
cover it through another plan,
cover it through your corporate policy, or
claim it through Ayushman card.  Whichever
way you pay this money, the coverage of the Super Topup
plan will start after this deductible limit.
And this is why the premium of super top-up
plans is
much lower than a normal standard health insurance plan.
Because imagine you have taken coverage of ₹1 crore
in Super Topup but
most of the regular and repeated claims, the
small claims, get settled within ₹5 lakh.  That
means their liability does
not come over the super top-up plan.  And
because of this its premium is also cheap.
And one thing you must keep in mind is that in the
example of deductible that I have given you,
you can calculate the deductible by combining multiple claims within a year.
This is called the Annual Aggregate
Deductible.  Because there is another deductible also
but it is claim deductible in which
this money is deducted from every claim amount.
But the special thing about super top up plans is
that you get annual aggregate
deductible in it.  This means that you can complete
this threshold limit by combining multiple claims
and after that the
super top-up plan provides you coverage.
Now you understand how super top-up
plans work.  Now let me
take you to the details of ICICI LBRD's super top up
plan Activate Booster.   First of all let's
talk about the product type,
what kind of plan is this?  So this
is an indemnity based plan.  Indemnity means
that
you will receive compensation from the insurance company equal to the cost of your treatment.
And its second category is Super
Topup Plan.  The concept I
just explained is that of deductible.   It will
work in the same manner here also.  First of all, let us
talk about what are the eligibility conditions for taking this super top-up plan
?  Are.  So
if I talk about the entry age for
individual plans, i.e. where each member has a
separate sum insured, the
minimum entry age for family members is
6 years.  This means that children can also take individual plans
after the age of six years and the
maximum age has been kept at 125 years.  That means there is no
maximum entry age.
You can renew this plan for life time.  There
is no limit on this also.  There
is no capping.  If we talk about the entry age in a
floater plan, the age for adults is
18 years and the maximum entry age is 125 years.
Dependent children, i.e. children who
are still unmarried or non-learning, can
come under a floater sum insured along with their parents.  One
can use a common sum insured.  Their
minimum entry age is 91 days and up to 30
years of age of dependent child can
remain under this floater plan.   There
is a condition to cover dependent children.  Minimum one adult
must be covered under the policy.  Because along with them,
dependent children can also be included in this plan.
Now let's talk about the policy
tenure.  So you can buy this super top up plan for 1, 2 and 3 years.  There will be a
standard premium for one year.  Apart from this, if you
take a 2-year policy,
you will get a discount of 10% on the second year's premium.  If you
buy a 3-year policy, you will
also get a 15% discount on the third year's premium.
If we talk about family size, then
you can cover many relationships under the individual plan.  For example,
individual coverage can be given to spouse i.e. your husband and wife, dependent children, parents, brother, sister, grandparents, mother, father, son, daughter in law.  That
means everyone can be insured at different sums.
But if we talk about
a family floater composition, then the
family size will be two adults and three
dependent children.  And the premium
is decided according to the eldest member.  Their entry age
is also considered.  Now let's talk about whether there will be
medical tests while taking this plan?
Because coverage you can get up to ₹1 crore to ₹2 crore.
So it is obvious that to cover such a big
risk, the insurance company may
ask for a medical test.  So for that the
company has given some conditions and some criteria.
If your age is less than 45 years.
I am talking about the senior member only.
So no tests will be conducted up
to ₹1 lakh of sum insured.  If the age is
more than 45 years, then the
company may ask you to get some tests done at their panel labs.
It will also depend on the sum
insured you are taking and whatever the cost of these tests will be,
if this proposal is accepted
then the
insurance company will pay 50% of that money.  You will have to pay the remaining 50%
from your pocket.  Now friends, let's talk about the
coverage
and basic benefits of the Activate Booster Plan and what facilities you will get in it.
So first of all,
talking about the sum insured, ₹1 lakh
is the minimum sum insured and you can take its coverage up to ₹3 crore.
What are the options for sum insured
?  10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh, 25,
45, 50 lakh, 85 lakh, 90, 95 lakh and ₹1
crore.  This sum insured is going to be yours.
Apart from this, the range of deductible has been kept
from ₹3 lakh to ₹1 lakh.  That means the
money that you have to pay from your pocket throughout the year will be
called deductible amount.  And those
options are 3 lakh, 4 lakh, 5 lakh, 7.5 lakh,
10 lakh, 15 lakh and 20 lakh.  And as I
told you, this plan is on aggregate deductible
basis.  This means that whether there is one claim or multiple claims in the entire year, the
deductible will be calculated by adding them together
and only after that the coverage of this plan will
start.  If we talk about room rent,
then in this plan you
get a single private AC room in the standard plan.
However, you can modify it
through add-ons.  The room rent limit can be increased
or downgraded.
We will discuss that in the add-ons section.
Now let's talk about
what coverage you are going to get under this Super Top Plan.
So first of all there is
inpatient treatment i.e.
treatment taken after admission which is covered under the
terms and conditions of the policy contract.
This plan will cover admissions that are more than 24 hours long.
Apart from this, there are day care procedures, that is, such
treatments which can be done
in three, four, five hours due to advancement in technology.
Otherwise the patient had to be admitted for more than 24 hours.
Such
listed day care procedures will be
covered under this plan.  Now, the chances of using a super top up
plan are mostly
in case of a critical illness
or a major accidental claim.
So there are more chances of using advanced treatments i.e.
modern treatments.
So, all the
12 listed modern treatments will be covered under this super top up plan.
Other than that, this plan will cover pre and post
hospitalization expenses, expenses related to the treatment you
took, expenses incurred a few days before and
after it, as well as expenses incurred during recovery.
I will explain how many days that is in the next slide.
Because there are
two variants in this plan.
I will also tell you their differences right there.
After this comes the turn of in-patient
AYUSH treatment i.e. Ayuda, Yoga and
Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha, Homeopathy, even
if these treatments are taken after admission,
this super top up plan will provide you coverage for them.
Apart from this, the cost of road ambulance will
also be covered.  Donor expenses for
organ transplant are also
covered under this plan.  Domiciliary hospitalization:
Treatment taken at home due to some compulsion should be for a
minimum of three days.
That will also be covered.  Bariatric surgery
means surgery related to obesity.  If it becomes a life-
threatening condition, the
BMI is very high and apart from this, some
other lifestyle diseases also occur.   If
the matter reaches an extreme case,
then this plan will cover it after a waiting period of two years.
Apart from this,
hospitalization of the surrogate mother is also covered under Plan A.
I will also tell you later what are the differences between Plan A and Plan B.
And oocyte donor hospitalization is also covered under Plan A.
What are surrogates and oocyte donors
?  Surrogate means surrogacy mother, that is, the
biological mother of the child is someone else.
If he gets hospitalized,
that too is covered under Plan A.  If
someone donates eggs for pregnancy through a side donor, then
if that donor also gets
hospitalized, then
Plan A will cover that too.  Now this
is a standard feature of this plan.  You will also get some add ons
along with it.  That is, optional covers through which
you can increase your coverage.   You
can modify the plan.
What are those?  The first one is Jump Start.
You have heard and understood this add-on in other ICICI plans
also.  Under this,
if you want to reduce the waiting period for conditions like asthma, diabetes, hypertension,
hyperlipidemia i.e. cholesterol
related conditions, obesity or heart
related conditions, then by
paying extra premium you can get its coverage from 31 days
with Jump Start add on.  The second
rider is Befit, under which you get coverage for OPD
consultation, pharmacy and physiotherapy.  There
are different plans in this also, in which you can check your number of
visits, how much money you will claim, etc. and
can also take the BeFit Rider option.  Claim Protector is an add-on
that provides coverage for non-medical items.  That
means, when any treatment is
taken in a hospital, there are many
such hospital expenses which are
put in the non-medical category.  Such
expenses like cotton, gloves, PPE kit are
not normally covered in the policy.
If you take this add-on
Claim Protector under this plan, then
this super top up plan will cover the items in List One.
Next comes Inflation Protector, which means as the
inflation rate
[sound of clearing throat] increases,
your basic sum insured will also keep
increasing on every renewal as per the Consumer Price Index.
You can also take the add-on of air ambulance separately.
Apart from this, an
add-on is also available to reduce the standard waiting period.  For
example, the standard waiting
period for pre-existing diseases is 36
months or 3 years.  You can do this for 24 months or
even 12 months.  The waiting period for specific diseases
i.e. listed surgeries is
24 months.
You can do them also for 12 months.  If you
need coverage quickly, the company will
charge you extra money for it.  Next up
is the room modifier.  I told that there is a
single private AC room in the standard plan.
But if you want, you
can upgrade it to any room rent limit
or you can also downgrade it to
twin sharing or you
can also take a percentage based room rent but I would
not advise you to take twin sharing, you can take it to
reduce the premium but
at least it should be a single private AC room,
if you want you can do any room also.
It's your choice.  You can see
how much difference there is in the premium and
take a decision accordingly.  Next is
teleconsultation.  By taking this add-on you
can get unlimited consultations through audio
video chat or through the app.  There
is no count limit.  You can consult a doctor
about any medical condition or treatment.  But you will have to take the add-on of tele
consultation.  The final add-on is the guaranteed
deductible deduction.  This means
your deductible will be reduced by 10% every year on renewal.  And
for this, it is necessary to choose a minimum deductible of ₹5 lakh.
Suppose you
took a deductible of ₹5 lakh in the first policy year and you
take this add-on, then on the next renewal the
deductible will be reduced by ₹50,000.  Next
year it will reduce by another ₹50,000.  By doing this
you can reduce it by maximum 50%.
That means the deductible of ₹5 lakh can be
reduced to ₹1.5 lakh.  But
for that you will have to take the add on Guaranteed
Deductible Reduction.  What will be the benefit out of this?
Brother, if you think that even a deductible of ₹5 lakh
is too much, then it will keep decreasing from time to time, so when it reaches
₹5 lakh, your out
of pocket expenses or the burden of other policies
or the coverage you take
reduces.  Now before I talk about the
waiting period and pricing zones of this plan, let us
talk about the cities.
First let us understand the basic difference between these two plans.
Plan and Plan B.
However, when I checked the pricing, there was
no option for different plans.  But
still the company has
mentioned these two plans in all its literature.  So let me
tell you the differences.  If you
have the choice to choose Plan A or B, then there are
specific differences
between these two plans which
you should consider before taking a decision.  The
first difference is the
number of days of pre and post hospitalization.  That means
if you take Plan A, you get coverage for 90 and 180
days.  If you take Plan B,
you will get coverage for 60 and 90 days.
We have already covered surrogate mother and oocyte donor.
Available within Plan A.
These facilities are not available in Plan B.
Next is home care treatment, that is,
we decide to take the treatment which we were going to get after getting admitted in the hospital, at home.
Coverage is not available under Plan A on the recommendation of a doctor.
But you can go cashless up to ₹5 lakh
under Plan B.  Cashless means that
first you will have to take approval from the company.
You will be able to avail this facility of home care treatment from any registered home care service provider.
Apart from this, nursing at home
charges will not be covered under Plan A.  That
means,
after the treatment is done, the patient goes home and
he can also hire a nurse there.  For which you
can go under Plan B for a maximum of ₹2000 per day for 10 days.
Compassionate visit is
also not available under Plan A.
Up to ₹2000 will be available under Compassionate Visit Plan B.
Annual health checkup
is also not available under Plan A.  But
under Plan B, you will be able to get annual health tests done for 5% of the sum insured or
maximum ₹5,000.
And then last is dependent
accommodation.  That means,
if any dependent goes with the patient who is admitted,
their accommodation or stay
expenses will not be covered under Plan A.
But under Plan B,
this expense can be claimed for a maximum of ₹1000 per day for 10 days.  That
means these are the major
differences between Plan A and Plan B.  So
if you get a choice, then by
comparing the prices according to these coverage and benefits,
you can decide whether you should go with
Plan A or Plan B.  Now friends, let's talk about the
waiting period.  That is, after how much time,
which treatment will be covered under this super top up plan
i.e. ICICI LBRD Activate Booster.  The
first waiting period is the
initial waiting period of 30 days.   This
means that you will not get any claim for sickness or illness within these 30 days.
Accept
accidental claims.  If any
treatment is required after the accident, it
is covered even in the first 30 days.  There will be a waiting period of 90 days
for diabetes, hypertension and
cardiac cases, that is, if
any of these
complications occur within 3 months of purchasing the policy and the patient has to be admitted, then
it will not be covered.  There
is a waiting period of two years for slow growing illnesses.
Specific disease procedures are 23 listed conditions like
Cataract, Hernia, Gall Bladder, Kidney
Stones, Joint Replacement, Vascular Veins
which
you will find inside the policy wordings.  You can check out from there.
Their coverage will be available after two years.
However, you can reduce the waiting period to
one year.  Next comes a three-
year waiting period for pre-existing
conditions.  Today I have some disease, I
buy this plan and declare it to the company.  The
company accepts.
After that the disease will be covered after 3 years.
But if I cannot wait that long then I can
reduce this time to 2 years or one year
by paying some extra
premium.  Bariatric surgery, i.e.
surgery related to obesity, will be covered
after two years.  But if you take Jump Start add on then
it can be covered after 30 days.
And whatever
diseases are listed in Jump Start like Asthma, Diabetes,
Hypertension, Obesity, it
is obvious that you will get coverage for them from 31 days.  But you will
get this only if you take add-on and the
company will charge you extra premium for this.
Now
I am going to tell you about some very important discounts so that
you do not miss any important discount.
If the company has given the option then
why not take advantage of it.  First
is the wellness discount. You can save up to 30% on your
premium on renewal if you
keep yourself fit.  This is a step count
discount for which
you will have to register inside the app and if you
complete the step counts for the given number of days,
then you can get up to 30% discount on renewal.
NR discount is 25%, that is, if
you live outside India and
want to take a health insurance plan here, then there
is a discount of 25%.  Apart from this, there
is a very unique discount called Civil Score
Discount.  If your civil score
is very good then you can avail a maximum discount of up to 15%.  Do
try this discount.
Apart from this, there is PPN network advantage, that
is,
if you take treatment in preferred partner hospitals, a list of
hospitals is given to you.  Only by
taking treatment within these, you will get the full claim
and in return you will also get a discount of 10%.
I personally do not advise you to
take it.  But if you want to save 10%
premium and
your desired
or preferred hospital is within this list of preferred network hospitals, then you
can also take it.  Early renewal
discount is 2.5%, that is,
if you get the renewal done some time in advance, before 30 days, then you
get a discount of 2.5%.  And the
last [sound of clearing throat] two
discounts are for long term policies.
If you take a 2 year policy then you can
save 10% on the second year premium.  And if you
take a 3-year policy,
you can save 15% on the third year premium.
Talking about zones, a total of four zones are
mentioned within it.  There are some discounts, some
loading which can make the premium expensive.
So let us see in which zone your city or state
falls
on the next slide.  There are a total of four zones within this plan.
However, there is no zone based copayment.  That
means you have to take the policy
according to your zone.  Money will be taken accordingly.
You can get treatment done all over India.  There
is no copayment on that.
First is Zone A whose premium is the base
premium considered here.  That means these
cities, these states, are going to have the
most expensive premium,
which includes Delhi, Mumbai and
some NCR regions of Haryana,
some NCR regions of UP.  And
along with this there are two Union Territories also.  Daman
and the and Dadra Nagar Haveli.  Here, Zone A will have a
premium.  That means this
is considered the base premium.  If you fall within the Zone B states and
cities shown in this box, you get a
10% discount on the Zone A premium.
Because the medical inflation in these cities is
low.  If
your state and city fall within Zone C,
you get a 15% discount on the premium of Zone A.
Because here in this city the
treatment is even cheaper.  Lastly, the
company has created Zone D, in which the
company says that this zone is going to be more
expensive than Zone A because there is
12.5% ​​loading on it.  That means
if a member of Zone A is paying ₹100, then he will have to
pay ₹112.50 here in Zone D.  And
you can see these cities and these states.  The
premium here is going to be the most expensive.  That
means you can identify your zone from here.
But keep in mind that
treatment can be taken anywhere all over India.   There
is no copayment within the plan.
Now you have understood the details of the plan but
now let us see whether super top up plans are really
cheap or not.  So we have come to the
pricing section where
I have taken the family size of two adults
whose ages are 37 and 33 years.  And there is a child
whose age is 10 years.  I have entered the address
of New Delhi.  And let us check
within how much rupees they will get this activated booster
plan.  Because I do not
want to compromise on the treatment even in case of a claim of a huge amount.
I take coverage of ₹1 crore.  A deductible of ₹5 lakh has been
kept.  That means I am not going to get coverage of ₹5 lakh
from here.
Apart from this, let's talk about some add ons.   The
first add-on is Claim Protector where
you get coverage for non-medical items.
I would definitely like to add this
and click recalculate here.   The
premium was ₹8900, which increases by approximately ₹800 after
adding the claim protector.  The room modifier is a premium of ₹9700.
But if I
want to change from single private AC room to any room then let's
see how much the premium will increase.   Let's
click on Continue.  The recalculated
premium was ₹9700.  ₹10,800 The premium increases by approximately ₹1100.
So in this way
you can see how much money you will have to pay for which add-on.
After that you can choose.
After this, add on inflation protector is
not required.  Waiting period can be added if you
want to get a jump start.  If you
want to reduce the waiting period, here are the options.
Apart from this, add ons also come.  Dependent
Accommodation Benefit, Compassionate Visit,
Domestic Air Ambulance.  That means,
if you add these features, then
you get the features of Plan B from here.   The
company is now offering this as an add-on.
Apart from this, there is a rider of Bifit.  You
can also get coverage for durable medical equipment.
Nursing at home can also be added.
And at last the option of Network
Advantage is given.  You can also see this.  Now
look here, I am getting all the features of Standard Plan A, single private AC room
with coverage of non-medical items
for ₹717 and in this I am
getting coverage of ₹1 crore.
What is the deductible amount?  ₹5 lakh means this ₹5 lakh can be
covered by my base policy, from my pocket
, from corporate health insurance
or from any bank's group policy, or
from Ayushman card.  Wherever
I pay this amount, the Super Top-up
policy will provide coverage after ₹5 lakh.   That
means the coverage is ₹95 lakh.  You will get a plan of
₹1 crore.  But the first ₹5 lakh will not be covered.
And the premium we saw is ₹9717.
If you take a base health insurance plan of ₹1 crore,
it can be quite expensive.
Now, the benefit of taking super top-up is only for those
who believe that
I do not think there is such a big risk but still if
it happens because risk means that
which has not happened till date but can happen,
if any major treatment has to be taken then
instead of ₹1 crore coverage, ₹717 will have to be paid
and the first ₹5 lakh will not be covered.  So
[sound of clearing throat] friends,
you understood this, ICICI LBRD Super Topup Plan
Activate Booster.  What
coverage will you get under this plan, how will the deductible work
, what are the add-ons and how much will
you get this plan for?
I have explained all this to you in as simple language as possible.
If the
information given in this video has created some clarity in your mind.  If it has
helped you in understanding this plan, then to show your love and
support, please like the video
and subscribe to the channel so that you keep getting
similar videos related to innovative insurance in
very simple language in the
future also.  And if you
want to know
what is the difference between deductible and copayment, then I have
explained it in such simple language in this video.
You should definitely watch it once.
I am Harvinder Singh, I will meet you
in the next video.  Till then take care, stay fit
and stay healthy.  Jai Hind.